README.md, before:

# 🧸 Fabrizio 🧸
**`Student`** | **`Computer Engineering`** | **`he/him`** | **`<3`** | **[fabriz.co](https://fabriz.co)**

I'm a Computer Engineering student from _Argentina_ 🇦🇷, with a flair for tech and design. Im finishing my last MM2 module: [`MMM-HomeKit`](https://github.com/Fabrizz/MMM-HomeKit), that adds native homekit support to smart mirrors. Also working on networking for a local SME.

[<img alt="Fabrizz Logo" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/logo_train.png?raw=true" />](https://fabriz.co)

### 🧉 Languages and tools
<img align="left" alt="Java" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Arduino" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/arduino/arduino-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="docker" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sqldeveloper/sqldeveloper-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="TypeScript" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Tailwind" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Electron" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/electron/electron-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Figma" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Fusion" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/fusion/fusion-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Cloudflare" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cloudflare/cloudflare-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />


<br />
<br />

### 🧱 Some projects:
[<img align="left" alt="Xa Viewer & Zpl Renderer JS" width="380px" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/XZPL.png?raw=true" style="padding-right:30px;" />](https://xaviewer.fabriz.co)
[<img align="left" alt="OnSpotify" width="380px" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/ONSP.png?raw=true" style="padding-right:30px;" />](https://github.com/Fabrizz/MMM-OnSpotify)
[<img align="left" alt="Homekit" width="380px" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/HMKT.png?raw=true" style="padding-right:30px;" />](https://github.com/Fabrizz/MMM-HomeKit)
[<img align="left" alt="LiveLyrics" width="380px" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/LILY.png?raw=true" style="padding-right:30px;" />](https://github.com/Fabrizz/MMM-LiveLyrics)
[<img align="left" alt="EleccionesArg" width="380px" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/EARG.png?raw=true" style="padding-right:30px;" />](https://elecciones.fabriz.co)
![Hidden](https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/spacer.png?raw=true)

[<img alt="Fabrizz Blog" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/blog-site-banner.png?raw=true"  width="780px" />](https://fabriz.co)

#

[<img alt="Fabrizz logo" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/shlogo.png?raw=true" width="92" align="right">](https://fabriz.co)
<p align="left">Made with <3 by Fabrizz</p>

Commit message:

Revise README with current projects and focus
Updated personal information and project details.

README.md, after:

# 🧸 Fabrizio 🧸
**`Student`** | **`Computer Engineering`** | **`he/him`** | **`<3`** | **[fabriz.co](https://fabriz.co)**

I'm a Computer Engineering student from _Argentina_ 🇦🇷, with a flair for tech and design. Im currently doing some uni projects, trying stuff related to ZebraZPL/Printers, and I just updated **[MMM-OnSpotify](https://github.com/Fabrizz/MMM-OnSpotify)** making it easier to use.

Also working on networking, electrical for a local SME.

[<img alt="Fabrizz Logo" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/logo_train.png?raw=true" />](https://fabriz.co)

### 🧉 Languages and tools
<img align="left" alt="Java" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Arduino" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/arduino/arduino-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="docker" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sqldeveloper/sqldeveloper-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="TypeScript" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Tailwind" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Electron" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/electron/electron-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Figma" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Fusion" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/fusion/fusion-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />
<img align="left" alt="Cloudflare" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cloudflare/cloudflare-original.svg" style="padding-right:7px;" />


<br />
<br />

### 🧱 Some projects:
[<img align="left" alt="Xa Viewer & Zpl Renderer JS" width="380px" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/XZPL.png?raw=true" style="padding-right:30px;" />](https://xaviewer.fabriz.co)
[<img align="left" alt="OnSpotify" width="380px" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/ONSP.png?raw=true" style="padding-right:30px;" />](https://github.com/Fabrizz/MMM-OnSpotify)
[<img align="left" alt="Homekit" width="380px" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/HMKT.png?raw=true" style="padding-right:30px;" />](https://github.com/Fabrizz/MMM-HomeKit)
[<img align="left" alt="LiveLyrics" width="380px" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/LILY.png?raw=true" style="padding-right:30px;" />](https://github.com/Fabrizz/MMM-LiveLyrics)
[<img align="left" alt="EleccionesArg" width="380px" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/EARG.png?raw=true" style="padding-right:30px;" />](https://elecciones.fabriz.co)
![Hidden](https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/spacer.png?raw=true)

[<img alt="Fabrizz Blog" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/blog-site-banner.png?raw=true"  width="780px" />](https://fabriz.co)

#

[<img alt="Fabrizz logo" src="https://github.com/fabrizz/fabrizz/blob/main/assets/shlogo.png?raw=true" width="92" align="right">](https://fabriz.co)
<p align="left">Made with <3 by Fabrizz</p>
